Hi everyone and welcome to today's Beauty
Recommended video, I'm Becky from TalkBeckyTalk.
Today I'm going to be answering one of Britain's
Biggest Beauty Questions- how to combat dry,
chapped lips, and to make sure that you have
the perfect looking plump pout. I was actually
really excited about taking this kind of challenge
on and answering this question because this
is something that I get affected by all the
time, particularly when we're in the winter
but last summer as well, I had incredibly
chapped lips and it was something that really
affected my confidence because I really felt
like people were just looking at the dry skin
on my lips and it was horrible. So I've put
together a few things that are hopefully going
to take you from really dry lips to plump-
looking lips. So, I'm going to start off,
the first thing is these were my lips this
morning. I woke up in the morning, this is
a typical morning for me, my lips are quite
dry, I've got quite a lot of dead skin on
my lips as well, so the first thing you need
to do is get rid of that dry skin. I'm using
this Lush Bubblegum Lip Scrub, this is a sugar
scrub, so it tastes amazing, it literally
tastes of bubblegum. And you're going to use
your finger just to massage this, it gets
a little bit messy, you can just wipe it off
with a wet cloth. That's just going to exfoliate
the lips which is going to get rid of all
that yucky, yucky dry skin, it doesn't hurt
as well when you do this. Ok, here is the
top tip to keep them nice and moisturised,
I'm actually going to put a moisturiser on
my lips next, this is the Olay Total Effects
7-in1 Day Moisturiser. I have raved about
this before in a video, I absolutely fell
in love with Olay moisturisers when I started
using this, my skin feels so soft when I have
this on and it does the same thing, if you
out it on your lips. So I'm just going to
dab a tiny bit of this on my lips, give your
lips a nice little massage, a little treatment,
and this is really going to help put that
moisture back in our lips because with all
the product we put on, we forget to moisturise
our lips which is not really something that
I ever do and my lips feel so soft after doing
this. So once you've spent a little bit of
time really working that into your lips, you
go onto the rest of your face and moisturise
your face as usual, again using the Olay moisturiser.
I have noticed such a difference in my skin
when using this, so many people have been
commenting that my skin has looked a lot brighter
and honestly it's been down to using this
moisturiser by Olay and one of their other
ones as well, I am hooked, my skin feels so
incredibly soft after using it. Ok so next
up, you've got rid of that yucky dryness,
now you're going to make them look pretty,
so the first thing that I'm going to use is
my Max Factor Colour Elixir Lip Liner, this
is actually in Pink Petal, number 2 and I
again have raved about this because I am a
really big fan of nude lips, I am not always
as daring with colours, so this is perfect
for me. Nude lip liners are great at giving
you a little bit of definition, plumping those
lips out and this one glides on so nicely,
I know this is going to last for most of the
day and I won't need to keep reapplying this
and irritating my lips as I got through the
day. So that's going to seal in the colour
and give you that nice plump definition. And
last but not least to finish it off with that
glossy kind of plump look, I'm going to use
my Max Factor Colour Elixir Lip Gloss, this
is in Radiant Rose, number 15. I actually
featured one of these lip glosses in my 2014
beauty favourites because I am in love with
these lip glosses, they glide on so well,
they look so plump when they go on, this one
actually has a little bit of glitter in, which
I love because when I have dry lips, I want
my kind of lip gloss to stand out rather than
any dry skin that I might have on my lips,
so add a little bit of glitter in and that's
going to take any kind of emphasis off the
dry skin, it's going to make your lips glisten,
look sparkly. This actually tastes quite nice
as a lip gloss as well and I know this is
going to stay on for a good couple of hours
as well, I'm not going to have to keep reapplying
every half an hour. So once you've done a
little bit of TLC on your lips, you can go
ahead and do the rest of your makeup as normal.
That's the finished look, taking you from
dry, nasty chapped lips to hopefully nice,
non-chapped, sparkly plump-looking lips. So
I really hope you enjoyed that video, I loved
doing this one. Don't forget, give this video
a massive thumbs up if you've enjoyed it and
subscribe to the beauty recommended channel.
Every Friday, me and some of my friends are
going to be making videos answering your questions,
so some of Britain's Biggest Beauty Questions,
so make sure you subscribe and then you're
not going to miss any of those videos. See
you next time!